---
layout: post
title: "The Deadlands, Chapter One"
date: 2020-12-20
---

Chapter I
Flint

	
        I hate combat class. I was smashing a target dummy over and over again.  I had to use a wooden sword. A wooden sword. I know. Anyone can make a stone sword! I complained to the mayor about this multiple times, but he blubbered something about not having enough cobblestone. Yeah. Uh-huh. THEN HOW IN THE NETHER DID THEY MAKE THE ENTIRE TOWN HALL OUT OF STONE FREAKING BRICKS??!!! The town hall is huge. And plus, the process to make stone bricks takes forever. You need a mountain of cobblestone, and smelt them in  a furnace. It takes forever to smelt cobblestone into stone. After you have enough stone, you can put it in a stonecutter, and cut a design. That also takes all day. 
	Dear me, I haven’t even introduced myself yet. My name is Flint, and I wish I were dead. The first three years were great. My father Feather was still alive, and he was rich. We lived in a massive house, and we had delicious meals. Then my dad died, and my mom and I barely made any emeralds. My mom is a farmer, like most of the people in our village. I had no interest in harvesting crops. I had much more interest in mowing down zombies. I live in a village named Mooncrest, and it really sucks. 
I slammed my sword one more time against the dummy, then the sword broke. I looked at the clock. There was still thirty minutes left. I looked at my best friends, Gold and Carrot. Gold wasn’t even hitting. She hated swords. Carrot was hitting the dummy very slowly. She wanted to be a farmer, and didn’t understand why you would ever want to put yourself in danger. I’ve known them for a really long time. I would trust them with my life. I also had two other “friends”. 
Blade and Diamond. Blade loved stabbing mobs. He’s also an idiot. The first time he met Carrot, he tried to eat her. He only eats carrots. He was still smashing the dummy. With a diamond sword. Don’t ask me how he was able to get one in. I actually might know the answer. Blade’s family is really close to the mayor. My other friend, Diamond, has lots of money, but isn’t in the mayor’s inner circle. Blades' whole family was in the inner circle. Fifteen generations of them, all in the elite army, the Praelias, which are basically the squad of super soldiers. I come from a family of farmers, peasants, and archers. Actually, more like archer. Singular. My dad was the only one. 
	Lately, the mob attacks have been insane. Sure, the Praelias drove them off, but I heard the death count week was about fifty soldiers. Dude, the attacks are like a bajillion zombies in full heavily enchanted diamond armor. With diamond swords and axes. Also enchanted. Plus a bunch of potions. Also some TNT and more demolition supplies. And that's just the zombies. 
Thousands upon thousands of skeletons, in full heavily enchanted iron armor, with heavily enchanted bows. What I wouldn’t do for one of those bows. You’re probably thinking. A, why are they so op?!?! B, why are the skeletons in only iron armor. Answer to A, I DON’T FREAKING KNOW. Answer to B: I learned in Mob Studies that skeletons don't have the strength to life diamond armor. Their bones would crumble. Zombies, on the other hand, do.
	 Back to my friends. I looked at Diamond. He was hacking at one of them with a diamond scythe. He was breaking two rules. No scythes, and no diamond tools. Or stone tools. Or iron tools. Or emerald tools. Or nethergem tools. Or ruby tools. Or voidcrystal tools. Or sapphire tools. Or amethyst tools. Or venomsteel tools. Or lunarjewel tools. Or styxglass tools.  Or hydrosteel tools! Or deathbone tools! Or kyrosilver tools. Or the world's rarest material, elementium tools. Or freaking dirt tools! GAHHHH!!! Dirt tools are so easy to make. All you need is a crafting table, some sticks, and some dirt. You’re. Only. Allowed. To. Use. Wooden tools. 
Also, just to let you know, Diamond hates rules. He hates them a lot. Diamond wants to be a miner, but he likes to kill mobs as well. He wants to join the Fossoribus, the elite miners. There's only two of them right now. I heard that they have sapphire pickaxes. Dude. Sapphire is so rare that if I found fifteen thousand diamonds, I would only have one sapphire ingot. Amethyst is really weird. If you mine a block of stone, there is a 0.1 percent chance that you will get a shard of amethyst. 
While I was thinking about this, Professor Zombie(no seriously, that’s his name) was yelling at everybody. He’s fat, flabby, and short.
“Hup hup, drop down and give me fifty, you zombiecakes!” he shouted. “When you're done, find a partner and beat them down, in any way possible! I want blood, zombie jockey’s. Blood!” Everyone groaned. I looked into my inventory. My bow was in there, along with a stack of arrows. I could fight in any way possible. Suddenly, I felt a diamond sword stab into my back. I looked at who I was against. Exitium(idiotic name). He’s a stupid punk. He’s the mayor’s son. He’s cruel, vicious, and all the teacher’s praise him. By the looks of his sword and my health bar, I could tell that it had a high sharpness enchantment. 
I took out my bow and aimed an arrow. He sneered. 
“Why bother fighting. Death will take away the pain you're about to experience.”
“Eh, I’d rather die than live with a dumbass like you.” he growled, then charged. I dashed aside, then clubbed him on the head with my bow. He took out another sword, this time an iron one, then threw it. I managed not to get decapitated, but then I nearly did. He raised his sword, and swung it towards me. 
I gotta say, he should have really checked the durability of that thing. I raised my bow to block, and his sword collided with my bow. The bow snapped in half, but so did the sword. It shattered into a million pieces. 
“Lolololololololololol! NOOOOBBBB!” I taunted. He burst into tears. I almost felt bad for him. I picked up one of the shards of his sword, then threw it at him. It pierced his gut. Professor Zombie looked at him, then looked at me. 
Well, I guess this means that I’ll have to spend the rest of the day massaging his feet. Great. 
He walked towards me, with his stone sword drawn out. I didn’t have anything else. He smirked at me, then charged. I had a plan. Just as he was about to stab me, I dashed aside, then punched him in his rib’s. He looked momentarily startled. I jumped up high, then twisted my legs around his neck. He collapsed onto the ground. I punched him over, and over, and over, until he was at about a heart and a half. Then he got up and burst into tears. 
“I’m, I'm, I'm telling on you!” he blubbered. His skin was covered with bruises. He ran away, sobbing. I smirked. Suddenly, someone else grabbed my arm. I spun around. I cursed. Another punk. Gunpowder. I know. Stupid name. All of the idiots have stupid names. She took out an iron sword, and swung. I ducked low, then punched her in the gut. She sniffled. There was nothing to kill her with. She then dashed forward and stabbed me in the gut. Suddenly, I felt a weight in my inventory. I looked into it. It was a diamond sword. 
No way. I didn’t have nearly enough emeralds. But the sword was there. I drew it out. While I was doing this, Gunpowder recovered, and smashed me on the head with an axe. 
	Then everything went black.

	I woke up in the school hospital. The school doctor was looking at me. 
	“Get. Out.” I sprinted out. I ran to one of Diamonds mansions. Yeah, you heard me right. One of his mansions. The Irontorch family has lots of huge houses. That's Diamond's last name. I walked up the smooth quartz path, and knocked the polished dark oak door. One of the quartz blocks in Diamonds house is the same price as my whole house. Diamond's current house (his winter house) is completely made of quartz. And it’s huge. 
The reason quartz is so valuable is because it is risky going to the nether to mine it. One of Diamond’s stepfather’s servants opened the door. Oh yeah. Diamond's dad was Coal, the god miner. Blades' father was the leader of the Praelia. I forgot. They're both dead. No one will tell me how any of our dads died. 
	I knew the servant who opened the door. Stone. He does the job only for the payment. 
	“Welcome, Flint.” he gestured for me to enter the house. I walked in. The house still took the wind out of me. The red carpet lined the floor, and the main hallway led to an iron door. There was a combination lock. It was part of the Irontorch family's storage. I went to the room to my immediate right, which was Diamond’s room. Diamond was writing in a book. He snapped it shut when I came in, but I saw the word “Targets”. I looked around. Diamond had expanded his room. I saw the iron trapdoor in the corner. That was his private mine. 
	“Hello.” he said mischievously. “Blades in the bathroom.” 
	“What day is it.” I demanded.
	“Uhhh, thursday the twelfth. Of october.” he said.
“Are there any upcoming tests?” I asked.
“There’s a combat test tomorrow, along with a mining test.” Suddenly, the door to one of the sides of his room opened. Blade strutted out. 
“I’mmmmm baaaaccckkkk!” he yelled. 
“We’re allowed to be in teams of one to six.” Diamond said.	
	“So are we on a team?” Blade asked. I nodded.
“Who else?” Diamond asked.
“How about my friends, Gold and Carrot?” I asked.
“Sure. That brings us to five people.” Diamond said. “And how about my friend Anvil?”
“Sure.” I said.
“Okay, so this is how the test is going to work.” Diamond said. The test would start out as a survival test. We would have two hours to mine and get resources. After those hours, we would go to the combat field. Every team had a plot of land to build their base. The plot’s were separated by a cobblestone wall. They would also get a banner every one of them with a different design. We would then use the materials that we collected and build our base. After three hours of building, the professors would remove the walls and then the combat test would begin. It would be like capture-the-banner. We would fight each other and attempt to take every other team's flag. We were all also given a firework. If we were going to die, we would throw the firework into the air. That would pause everything. Then they would go over and take you out to heal you.


“Ok. I have a strategy for guaranteed victory.” Diamond said.
